Name   | Description                | Description in AirPort Utility
-------|----------------------------|------------------------------------
`waCF` | Setup over WAN             | This AirPort base station is set up to allow setup over the Ethernet WAN port, which decreases network security.
`usbf` | USB Power                  | A device connected to this AirPort base station's USB port requires more power than this AirPort base station can provide. Plug the device into a power adapter if possible, or connect it to a powered USB hub.
`waNL` | Ethernet Unplugged         | Nothing is connected to the Ethernet WAN port. If you are using a DSL, cable, or other broadband modem to connect to the Internet, or you are using a network that is connected to the Internet, connect the broadband modem or network to the Ethernet WAN port. [Tell Me More...](https://github.com/samuelthomas2774/airport/blob/c4e753c434fd05951569430584fbadc9bf4744d8/wiki-resources/AirPort%20status%20codes%3BwaNL.png)
`upAv` | Firmware update available  | Update the firmware for this AirPort base station.
`iCPW` | Unrecognized Apple ID or password | An Apple ID or password is incorrect or couldn't be authenticated. Enter the correct Apple ID and password and try again.
`DubN` | Double NAT                 | This AirPort base station has a private IP address on its Ethernet WAN port. It is connected to a device or network that is using Network Address Translation (NAT) to provide private IP addresses. Change your AirPort base station from using DHCP and NAT to bridge mode.
`6rdn` | IPv6 Relay Error           | There was an error with the IPv6 relay router. Wait for the service to be restored and try again. Contact your service provider if the problem persists.
`opNW` | Unsecured Wireless Network | This AirPort base station doesn't have any security on the wireless network. It is recommended that you use WPA2 Personal to secure your wireless network.
`ppNS` | PPPoE Server               | This AirPort base station is set up to connect to the internet using PPPoE but no PPPoE server can be found. Make sure your internet service providers requires that you use PPPoE, and then make sure the modem is turned on and connected to this AirPort base station's WAN port, and try again. If you still can't connect to the server, contact your service provider.
`waNI` | Internet Connection        | Your AirPort base station does not have a valid IP address. Make sure your AirPort base station is connected to your broadband modem or local network, verify your settings and try again. If you still can't connect, contact your internet service provider. [Tell Me More...](https://github.com/samuelthomas2774/airport/blob/6c27ac2f543e90d6019cc625f517b5cbf7fff5f6/wiki-resources/AirPort%20status%20codes%3BwaNI.png)
